everyone we are at Anime Expo Travis
Khafre here Joan by all the way mayor
alright and fun fun fact about Ann
Maxwell I do not give a about anime
all the way how do you feel about anime
I think it's like very clear how I feel
about anime grew up with anime lives off
anime anime is my life so awfully may
here is going to be the tour guide I
guess for me as we go through Anime Expo
today
what what are you are there any animals
in particular that you're looking for
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure definitely one
my hair academia there's been a lot of
my hair academia cosplay just walking in
here and everyone and their mother is
dressed in persona 5 cosplay so those
that's what I'm looking for so no fives
the video game I recognize that one
right I have my work cut out for me
[Music]
okay so first asana from stored online
she's a girl we've Edward Elric someone
from Vampire Diaries of seeing them
before that's a Miss portion I don't
know the person sitting next to us
you know Miss Fortune you should if you
don't you're fired
there goes the girl from final fantasy
roadtrip the one with the blonde wig
there's a kikyo kikyo who is superior to
Kagome in all aspects there's there's a
lot of gender bent ear so far okay if
you look over there so there's a Jolteon
but like curl version of a poori on
Reaper I like your prize got Sai ducks
and Pikachu's down there there's a
Kakashi without the mask so that's an
interesting adaptation I see tracer and
that's very exciting you want a picture
with her or something there's some more
persona okay so that's the girl from
like the Star Wars cartoon series that
they did I don't remember her name
because I never wash up there's two Lin
and Ren Ann DeLuca and there's a Miko
standing behind them and then there's
the Buddha rock a cheerleader version
for my hero academia and Ibaka go you're
not even looking you're not even looking
he's running away well I'm super sad
because this is Atlas's persona booth
they have all their personas merch as
well as like their Shin Megami Tensei
stuff and everything is pulled out what
did you want
I wanted the city art wall Scrolls which
has like all the characters from persona
5 like walking in black and white down
Shibuya and I wanted that what what what
is she goo yeah Shibuya that we just
said shabooya shabooya what does she
would what what is Shibuya you're still
on culture
[Music]
I'm
all right so now where we stopped to
this booth what is this okay so
basically it's like this weird thing for
Japanese concerts like if you've seen
the Hatsune Miku kind of like 3d ones
like the weird girl that that has the
pigtails right let's onna sure Travis
well anyways like what's super popular
is they have like these dancing lights
so everyone is so coordinated where they
go like up and then look alike eh-eh
and then they dance with them in the
concert and everyone's in sync like I
don't know if they tell them beforehand
these are justly just use these to bring
airplanes in you're just you just flag
down airplanes at an airport or you show
your support for the bands or artists
that you love what do they even call
cheetah fault they are called luminase
to Omega 24 color chain I could tell
these are literally just airplane things
okay they aren't though because they're
better than that why because they change
color fascinating you have no
appreciation for the studio all right so
it's not all just animate here behind us
who's behind us I believe it Charlotte
Chung and Johnny well who who is
actually there's actually like who do
they play or what is there it stevelou
shows voice actors and I could not say
Charlotte sharp sharp
that's okay well okay so behind us
starch star-struck see look I'm
stuttering all over the place I don't
even know what to do watch myself
[Music]
all right so now we are we stumbled upon
the PACU booth which is closed off what
is in there
well first mark was in there we had to
pull him out of the soccer booth I don't
know what you were doing in there you
spent like a lot of time in there mark
get jealous whoa what was in the fakku
booth everything you'd ever want okay
Wow
concept serious change since we were
working for a major company yeah take
the pic code trap off my mouth and weird
comes out and I don't I don't know
what you want me to add to that
[Music]
[Applause]
all right now we are at the bottom floor
in the artist alley where all of these
artists from everywhere come in to sell
their fan art or plushie sometimes they
make things are you just looking for the
tracer or via tracer stuff is really
good art what are these like
professional artists or what some of
them are professional but most of them
are like amateur like thanks deviantART
and then XD pages and stuff but not to
say that they are in talented like
there's a lot of talented artists here
alright let's go take a look
[Music]
right now we are a CLG boo all right and
they have purple jerseys now they do
have purple jerseys I wonder if that's
going to be the new color or if it's
like so I think it's just a sponsor
promotion like grape flavored CLG yeah
you are you going to purchase any of
this way to die softly I don't know I
can't afford it okay well we're done at
Anime Expo well I don't I got nothing I
had a lot of fun walking around
everywhere has exhausted me and has
strengthened my calves but I have to ask
I've been trying my best to teach you
about anime and all this stuff so what
have you learned I learned that I don't
know there's a lot of porn stuff at
Anime Expo that was everywhere and some
scans like have had a cosplayers and
also you told me that there's a bunch of
JoJo's there's more than one Jojo also I
have learned that Anime Expo there's a
lot of just stuff from video games and
anime that is completely unlicensed just
completely unofficial products that
should not be being sold
I can't believe it and that's what I
learned yeah okay it doesn't matter it's
a lot of fun everyone's enjoying
themselves everyone is passionate about
this and even though these people like
you who just don't get it you're not
going to stop us from having fun so you
want to close things nope nope he's not
going to close it so I'll close it thank
you for watching our little tour of
Anime Expo and Travis anime lessons we
will catch you next time
hey guys hope you enjoyed this video
with me and Amelie if you want to we
don't run the ads you can check us out
at a traffic AFRICOM slash support a
novel e-comm slash support there you go
thanks for watching i have the better
web page it's cliff you just rip my face
off